Name: 
Concept: Hermetic Inheritor
Affiliation: Order of Hermes
Essence: Questing
Nature: 
Demeanor: 
Ruleset: M20

Attributes: (7/5/3 above initial free dot)
	Physical: (5)
		Strength: 2
		Dexterity: 4
			Specialty: Hand-Eye Coordination
		Stamina: 2
	Social: (3)
		Charisma: 2
		Manipulation: 2
		Appearance: 2
	Mental: (7)
		Perception: 4
			Specialty: Sharp Senses
		Intelligence: 4
			Specialty: Book Learning
		Wits: 2

Abilities: (13/9/5, none above 3)
	Talents: (5)
		Alertness: ?
		Awareness: 1
		Empathy: 1
		High Ritual (Secondary): 3
	Skills: (9)
		Crafts: 1
			Specialty: Calligraphy?
		Drive: 1
		Etiquette: 1
		Meditation: 3
		Research: 3
	Knowledges: (13)
		Academics: 2
		Computers: 1
		Cosmology: 2
		Enigmas: 2
		Esoterica: 2
			-Does this require a specialty? Or even _different abilities_?
		Investigation: 1
		Lore (Secondary): 1
			-Does this require a specialty? Or even _different abilities_?
		Occult: 2

Backgrounds: (7 + 22 for Freebie Points spent)
	Avatar: 3
	Library: 3
	Node: 4
	Resources: 5
	Retainers: 2
		-Head "butler":
			-Your Alfred, he's your research assistant, the business manager for your estate, and
			 plays the part of domestic servent too, albeit a bit resentfully.
			-Rather cowardly too, as he's heard tales of what happened to his predecessor, many
			 years ago.
		-A groundskeeper:
			-An elderly grizzled combat veteran, security of your estate forms the core of his
			 responsibilities while he views the actual groundskeeping as something of a hobby and
			 retirement.
			-Older than your other retainer and longer in service to your benefactor. He's the one
			 who's been telling the butler tales about his predecessor. . .
			-Drinks more than he should, and possible has PTSD.
	Sanctum (double cost): 4
		-Or scale down (along with other stuff?) for Hideaway/Safehouse Merit!
			-Not sure I can manage the 6 pt. version with Sanctum at 4. Probably not worth giving
			 that up, or taking any lesser version.
		-4 gives the second point of ritual difficulty reduction, which is very nice.
	Wonder: 4
		-Something giving you access to your remote sanctum?
			-Correspondence 3 to teleport just you, requiring minimum background level of 3 (Core
			 pg. 653), with 2 successes necessary to go to a very familiar place and maybe 3 or 4
			 to go back (Core pg. 504).
				-More Arete? Can have extra Arete for each additional Background point spent on it.
					-Yeah, lets call it Arete 4, for 4 background points.
					-Even more could be wise, depending on what difficulty modifiers you can
					 qualify for on the roll.
				-Or would making this an Artifact (BoS pg. 140) make more sense?
					-It would be somewhat more reliable, especially as _your own_ Arete increased,
					 at the cost of only being used by the Awakened (a thing I'd already thought
					 sounded right).
					-Sounds like a good fit for this, but would need to talk with the Storyteller
					 where I use this. If it _is_ allowed, it's probably _cheaper_ by a dot, if
					 anything, since no need for the extra point of Talisman-Arete.
						-If it is cheaper, you might be able to manage the 6 point Hideaway/
						 Safehouse Merit (BoS pg. 55) after all!
			-A rug or other cloth woven through with threads of strange metals and materials forming
			 arcane diagrams?
				-It takes you to a similar diagram on the floor of your sanctum, in some sense, the
				 same object as the cloth. That diagram can return you to the cloth.

Spheres: (6, with one designated your Affinity, none higher than Arete or perm. Willpower)
	Entropy: 1
	Forces (Affinity): 1
	Life: 1
	Mind: 1
	Prime: 1
	Spirit: 1

Arete: 1 (1)
Willpower: 5 (5)
Quintessence: 3 (Avatar rating)
Paradox: 0 (0)

Focus:
	-A paradigm: Bring Back the Golden Age! (Core pg. 569)
	-A practice: High Ritual Magic (Core pg. 578)
		-Candidates to mix in: Alchemy? 
	-Instruments:
		Books, Scrolls, and Periodicals
		Brews, Potions, Powders and Other Concoctions?
		Celestial Alignments?
		Circles, Pentacles, and Other Geometric Designs
		Cups, Chalises, Cauldrons, and Other Vessels?
		Dances, Gestures, Postures, and Other Movement Practices
		Elements
		Formulae, Equations, and Sacred or Advanced Mathematics?
		Gems, Stones, and Minerals?
		Group Rites?
		Herbs, Roots, Seeds, Flowers, and Plants?
		Laboratories and Lab Gear?
		Languages?
		Meditation?
			-Motion can still be a component of this. See Core pg. 595.
		Numbers and Numerology?
		Prayers and Invocations
		Symbols?
		True Names?
		Wands, Rods, and Staves
		Writings, Inscriptions, and Runes

Merits & Flaws: (+7 Freebie Points)
	Curiosity(2 pt. Mental Flaw, BoS pg. 48):
		-Must resist enticing clues and enigmas with a Wits roll to avoid giving in to temptation.
		-Difficulty varies based on how compelling the situation is, with examples given in book.
	Easily Intoxicated (2 pt. Physical Flaw, BoS pg. 40):
		-Difficulty is +3 on Stamina rolls to resist drugs and poisons.
	Rose-Colored Glasses (2 pt. Mental Flaw, BoS pg. 50):
		-In your eyes, The Order of Hermes can do no wrong. You view anything they do in a favorable
		 light and will go to great lengths to ignore any evidence otherwise.
	Vanilla (1 pt. Mental Flaw, BoS pg. 48):
		-An innocent, jokes get past you, clues escape you, and references to anything rawer than
		 a Disney flick go straight over your head.
	

Freebie points:  (15 + 7 for Merits & Flaws)
	22		Additional Background points

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-
	- bounced around mentors ; more than a bit unfocused ; wearing out your welcome as a student in the order
	- TODO: sequence of puzzles, leading to inheritance
		- hints of steps you skipped
		- get the impression it took longer than expected for someone to solve it; " just waiting for the perfect person!"
		-Your lack of focus and breadth instead of depth of magickal ability probably has a lot to
		 do with being able to solve all the mysteries. . . and may mean you managed this without
		 being the archmage your benefactor expected.
	- TODO: Benefactor:
		- deceased Hermetic mage ; she

Equipment (stuff to start with or obtain):
	

Rotes:
	

Advancement:
	-Tentative schedule:
		