Name: David Rowe
Concept: Agent of change
Affiliation: Virtual Adepts
Essence: Dynamic
Nature: Activist
Demeanor: Activist


Attributes: (7/5/3 above initial free dot)
	Physical: (3)
		Strength: 2
		Dexterity: 2
		Stamina: 2
	Social: (5)
		Charisma: 3
		Manipulation: 3
		Appearance: 2
	Mental: (7)
		Perception: 3
		Intelligence: 3
		Wits: 4


Abilities: (13/9/5, none above 3)
	Talents: (9)
		Alertness: 2
		Athletics: 1
		Awareness: 2
		Empathy: 1
		Leadership: 1
		Subterfuge: 2
	Skills: (13)
		Drive: 2
		Firearms: 3
		Martial Arts: 2
		Stealth: 3
		Technology: 3
	Knowledges: (5)
		Academic: 1
		Computer: 3
		Investigation: 1


Backgrounds: (7)
	Arcane: 2
	Avatar: 2
	Contacts: 1
	Dream/Hypercram: 2
	Resources: 2


Spheres: (6 + 1 for Freebies, with one designated your Affinity, none higher than Arete or perm. Willpower)
	Correspondence (Affinity): 3
	Entropy: 1
	Forces: 1
	Life: 1
	Matter: 1


Arete: 3 (1 + 2 for Freebie points spent)
Willpower: 5 (5)
Quintessence: 2 (Avatar rating)
Paradox: 0 (0)


Focus:
	-A paradigm: Reality is a series of nested information systems. As above, so below. As in the
	 Digital Web, so in whatever meatspace runs on. (What M20 Core apparently labels "Everything is
	 Data".)
	-A practice: Hypertech.
	-Instruments:
		-HUD glasses with integrated sensors. Google Glass-esque.
		-Controller Glove. Think the NES Power Glove.
		-Cellphone, usually plugged into the rest of the wearable rig.
			-This is your personal instrument for your Correspondence affinity.
		-Sensor and optics package attached to your pistol, connecting to the wearable rig.
		-A database of techniques and exploits. You've got a copy stored locally on your phone, and
		 backups in various spots around the web.
		-EEG sensor net and hardware, connected to the wearable rig.
			-Pulling your shaggy hair through the sensor net mostly conceals it.
			-A kind of read-only Brain/Computer Interface, but the rig reacting as fast as you think
			 still goes a long ways.
		-The customized software packages running on and uniting the components of the rig.


Merits & Flaws:
	Addiction to Caffeine (1 pt. Physical Flaw):
		-Mage doesn't define exact rule impacts, but I think some other WoD systems do.
	Echos (1 pt. Supernatural Flaw):
		-Increased odds of extreme or chaotic outcomes in your presence, inverting the normal curve
		 of probability.
		 -A result, perhaps, of your own actions, as you seize opportunities that probability offers
		  you, causing improbable ripples to spread in your wake.


Freebie points: (15 + 2 for Flaws)
	7	Spheres at 7 per? You've already overspent there.
	8	Arete 2 & 3
	1	Arcane 2
	1	Dream/Hypercram 2


Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-
	-


Equipment (stuff to start with or obtain):
	-Heavy Pistol (V20 Core pg. 281, Dmg: 5, Rng. 25, Rate: 3, Cap: 13+1, Conceal J)
	-Bulky leather jacket, concealing both most of your wearable rig and your gun.
	-


Rotes:
	-Backdoor (Correspondence 3):
		-Translating yourself into digital form, you can move through data cables and wireless
		 devices to another suitable end point.
	-Sensor package (Correspondence 1, Entropy 1, Forces 1, Life 1, Matter 1):
		-Employing the wide variety of sensor embedded into your wearable rig, you constantly scan
		 your surroundings, processing the result and feeding it into your HUD with configurable
		 filters. It combines vision in exotic frequencies (infrared, ultraviolet, ambient radio,
		 etc.), audio monitoring for a wider range than human hearing, and basic location information.
		 It turns all of that into an analysis of everything around you, fed to your HUD, and giving
		 you information about material composition, about people (gait recognition for mapping a
		 person to someone previously encountered, voice analysis to estimate stress, etc.), distance
		 estimations, and even probabilistic projections (projected movements, likely weak spots,
		 etc.). You even pick up spatial distortions, using it's stereo radio frquency sensors.
		-All that informatation is managed through configuring filters, letting you toggle whether
		 you care about what a door is made of or the odds that someone is lying. You have some 
		 alarms set up to override that and alert you, though, if something obviously _wrong_
		 suddenly happens (life signs that don't correspond to anything visible, sudden flares of
		 high energy radio emissions, etc.).
	-Remote sensing (Correspondence 2, Entropy 1, Forces 1, Life 1, Matter 1):
		-As above, but for a remote location, employing accessible sensing devices (phones!) to
		 build a similar picture of that location for you.
	-Remote sensing overlay (Correspondence 3, Entropy 1, Forces 1, Life 1, Matter 1):
		-As above, but for a remote location _and overlaying on your perceptions of your surroundings
		 (and, potentially, on other remote locations you're concurrently sensing).
	-Targeting package (Entropy 1, Life or Matter 1):
		-Using your guns digital optics, connected to your wearable rig, you target your shots for
		 maximum damage. Life or Matter, depending on what your targeting.


Advancement:
	-Tentative schedule:
		